README.md, before:

# WIP
create basic UI
use app folder also to cache partially finished files
change login style from popup to redirect ?
    or just add as fallback state in case popup is blocked

make 3 modes, with different screen sizes... Browser, Taskpane, Mobile.
navigation and page elements therefore need to be mode specific!

I could literally implement Actionstep's API ??? Needs API Credentials though.
Alternatively, perhaps accept an export of data from AS to start the client file ?

could tidy up some overuse of imports by making type declarations in types for more things
in particular class objects seems useful.
i am finally seeing the value in interfaces!

# icons
iconify-icon ? the carbon set looked ok.
imports as a dependency and then can be bundled.
seems decent.
i do need to think UI at some point.

## idea
migrate balance sheet into app ?
    would require access to actionstep data ? maybe not. just names i guess ?
    could key a file id in and save stuff locally based on that ?

# production steps - to do when publishing
- change app ID URI to prod host
- if ever deployed on different tenant, they can change config.json to their values

Commit message:

begun work on active matter

README.md, after:

# WIP
create basic UI
use app folder also to cache partially finished files
change login style from popup to redirect ?
    or just add as fallback state in case popup is blocked

make 3 modes, with different screen sizes... Browser, Taskpane, Mobile.
navigation and page elements therefore need to be mode specific!

I could literally implement Actionstep's API ??? Needs API Credentials though.
Alternatively, perhaps accept an export of data from AS to start the client file ?

could tidy up some overuse of imports by making type declarations in types for more things
in particular class objects seems useful.
i am finally seeing the value in interfaces!

# icons
iconify-icon ? the carbon set looked ok.
imports as a dependency and then can be bundled.
seems decent.
i do need to think UI at some point.

## idea
migrate balance sheet into app ?
    would require access to actionstep data ? maybe not. just names i guess ?
    could key a file id in and save stuff locally based on that ?

# to do
tidy this up.
need to sort out selecting a client matter and saving/loading that before i can handle the balance sheet.
so active matter first
then balance sheet
